Hello to you Denis healthier mountain
Section of information you today an overview of sleeping
bag with synthetic insulation in
saiberia
excel from company new tour this sleeping
bag from our Baikal expedition
sleeping bag size xl because the owner
its size is xl
and at times even 2xl in this
his and main feature is long
sleeping bag two hundred thirty
centimeters that easily allows
accommodate in it even a 2-meter y
human width at the shoulders, too, 90
centimeters and so if your weight
more than 100 kilograms you too
stay comfortably declared weight
he has 18 kilograms and temperature
comfort -5 degrees and let's curtain
him
let's see how much weight
true to reality so we see
weight we kilogram 900 grams kilogram
900 grams with packaging
together with hermetic bag well besides this
sleeping bag was exactly with us in the campaign
so perhaps it is still hiking
moisture accumulated well in my opinion
quite consistent with the stated
characteristics well so a little bit there on
100 grams exceeds but it can be
the accuracy of the scales and the fact that the manufacturer
measures weight without bag
maybe just condensate which
accumulated inside
get out of the bag and see first
reds such on ko.
colorful sleeping bags on a beautiful
probably just the designer and tried
make him so not just cuddly
but also a beautiful lightning has a two-lock
and note that the lower dog even
stopper that is, you can open the bottom
part so that the legs were not so hot and
fix and the zipper won't crawl up
but the top dog for some reason
set without stoker although in my opinion
could also put it with a brake
it would be more comfortable
open a sleeping bag to a certain
states of course up lightning
Velcro is fixed here is such a
round probably by design so
fits and there is even a reflective
striped downy bag downy bag
fastened with buttons and shoulder
shoulder pack not down sorry
and draws some string
the caliber of the cord is thick enough
such a massive hardware in my opinion
best recommendation to the manufacturer such
if he looks and I'm sure that he is
does replace here this lace on
some kind of thin rubber and small
fittings with a few grams saved and
there will be more comfort with rubber
pocket
here is a pocket without fastener
without any fastener just
Here is such a carabiner here
I did not know a giant pocket with a mesh
its existence is possible
to lay down everything even
even socks can be shoved for lovers
put socks in a sleeping bag and there they are
dry thermal performance i
I know for sure that they are like this
the above stated very much praised
this sleeping bag but only already in
the size of the misha wolves
my friend he walked with him in the top five in
Pamir and says that it is better
general sleeping bag
or I myself prefer downy sleeping
bags
although many choose precisely synthetics
explaining that so well, they say wet
condensate conditions easier to dry
synthetic sleeping bag if
it gets wet anyway keeps warming
Well, if you think so please
it's your choice my opinion if you if
your sleeping bag gets wet then
you need a new tent and not some
synthetic sleeping bag like that
story sleeping bag siberia excel
big warm beautiful with you was
dinistor drink mountain section mp3 threw
bedroom apartment here on shoulders
it will not subscribe to the channel
yourself travel more bye bye